In this exercise, we'd like you to take what you know about looping and turtles,
and draw something of your own.
But specifically, we've given you a list of the colors
of the rainbow and we'd like you to draw something rainbow colored.
You can use a loop over this list to draw a shape with different colored sides.
Here are just a couple of examples of shapes that you can create with a loop like that.
You could make a hexagon,
whose sides are just different colors,
or you could take some time and figure out how to
draw a rainbow or you could do something totally different.
After you try it, we'll show you the code for both of these.